= DESCRIPTION:

Installs and configures Magento http://www.magentocommerce.com/ ecommerce platform. Also contains recipes to setup apache2 or nginx webserver backend, mysql database and sample data.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform:

Tested with apache backend on Ubuntu 10.04 and Debian 5.0 (Lenny).
And nginx + php-fpm backend on Debian 5.0 (Lenny) only.

== Cookbooks:

Opscode cookbooks, http://github.com/opscode/cookbooks/tree/master:

* php
* apache2
* nginx
* mysql
* openssl

For a greather performance consider to give a try the following cookbooks:

* php-fpm, http://github.com/yviktorov/cookbook-php-fpm
* eaccelerator, http://github.com/yviktorov/cookbook_eaccelerator

Also available thru http://cookbooks.opscode.com/

== Libraries:

The openssl library is required from the openssl cookbook to generate secure passwords.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* magento[:dir] - Set the location to place magento files. Default is /var/www/magento.
* magento[:db][:database] - Magento will use this MySQL database to store its data.
* magento[:db][:username] - Magento will connect to MySQL using this user.
* magento[:db][:password] - Password for the Magento MySQL user. The default is a randomly generated string.
* magento[:admin][:email] - Email address for the Magento Admin Panel user.
* magento[:admin][:user] - Username/login for Magento Admin Panel user.
* magento[:admin][:user] - Passwrod for the Magento Admin Panel user. The default is a randomly generated string.

The random generation is handled with the secure_password method in the openssl cookbook which is a cryptographically secure random generator and not predictable like the random method in the ruby standard library.

= USAGE:


= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Author:: Yevgeniy A. Viktorov (@yviktorov)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
